---
title: Czech company HARDWARIO, manufacturer of IoT devices, plans to enter the START market of the Prague Stock Exchange this autumn
meta_title: Czech company HARDWARIO, manufacturer of IoT devices, plans to enter the START market of the Prague Stock Exchange this autumn
meta_description: Czech IoT innovator HARDWARIO from Liberec plans to go public on the Prague Stock Exchange's START market in the autumn. It will offer up to 20 percent of its shares to institutional and public investors.
draft: false
date: 2022-08-03
description: Czech IoT innovator HARDWARIO from Liberec plans to go public on the Prague Stock Exchange's START market in the autumn. It will offer up to 20 percent of its shares to institutional and public investors.
docx: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pIcJGmMlo_lxyNqwHZ6WnsU5xVJHJbbU/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=100979526148034723712&rtpof=true&sd=true
pdf: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1o36_EVweTIWfoegbtm2A45AHhaSHKMjW/view?usp=sharing
image_preview: https://res.cloudinary.com/lukasfabik/image/upload/v1659092017/press/AlanFabik_PavelHubner-1.jpg
image_main: https://res.cloudinary.com/lukasfabik/image/upload/v1581950249/blog/wide_placeholder.jpg
image_meta: https://res.cloudinary.com/lukasfabik/image/upload/v1659597411/press/2022-08-03-itf/meta_en.png
author: alan_fabik
---

**Czech IoT innovator HARDWARIO from Liberec plans to go public on the Prague Stock Exchange's START market in the autumn. It will offer up to 20 percent of its shares to institutional and public investors. HARDWARIO plans to use the capital raised for development and business development in order to accelerate its international expansion. The HARDWARIO solution is already being used by ŠKODA AUTO and the British Vodafone, for example. HARDWARIO's smart devices operate on wireless technology and can run on battery power for several years. They connect to the Internet from almost anywhere and integrate easily with other systems.**

Since 2016, the technology company HARDWARIO has been developing and manufacturing electronics designed to monitor and transmit data from any environment or device. It also offers its own cloud platform for managing and integrating this hardware with other systems. It offers its products and services through a global network of partners, to whom it provides technical and business support, including an open development toolkit that allows the creation of custom applications. The company has significantly supported its business development in the past by establishing offices in the UK, Poland and the USA. As part of its planned IPO, HARDWARIO intends to raise new capital from investors, which it will use to expand its development and sales team, improve partner support and, most importantly, accelerate its international expansion.

HARDWARIO transformed itself into a joint stock company during this year and took a series of necessary steps leading to its listing on the START market of the Prague Stock Exchange. It plans to subscribe to its shares in the autumn months of this year. It will offer up to a 20% stake to institutional and general public investors in the form of newly issued shares.

Since its foundation, HARDWARIO has been supplying customers with industrial IoT devices based on modern wireless transmission technologies, so-called LPWAN. These innovative technologies are characterized by very low power consumption and high signal availability. **In combination with proprietary hardware with very low power consumption, HARDWARIO and its partners can transmit the required data from anywhere, even from locations without a standard connection to the power grid and the Internet.**

HARDWARIO finds business opportunities for its products and services in many industries - manufacturing, retail, facilities management, agriculture, forestry or healthcare. End users of HARDWARIO products already include many major companies such as ŠKODA AUTO, LEGO, ASAHI, ArcelorMittal, Siemens or Coca-Cola. Technology partners include mobile network operators and Microsoft.

*"For six years, we have been working every day to fulfill our mission to transform today into a digital tomorrow. We and our partners are convinced that digitalization will bring significant energy savings to humanity and significantly improve the conditions of life on Earth. That's why we are building our partner network and sharing best practices on how to connect as many devices and environments as possible to the internet, how to connect them to other data, and how to make meaningful projects out of it all. Our robust team develops and delivers unique systems that are difficult to replace with competing products due to the support services and associated technical support. We are experienced developers and marketers with a global ambition to be the leading company in the delivery of Industrial IoT devices. Our most promising IoT applications include production efficiency monitoring, energy and alternative energy monitoring and environmental monitoring. I believe we will be attractive not only to our partners and customers, but also to investors."*, says CEO and co-founder of the company Alan Fabik.

*"During its existence, HARDWARIO has been supported by several strategic and individual investors. FS Assets, an angel investor, has been supporting us for the longest time. In 2019, we were supported by investors from the crowdfunding portal Fundlift's issue, which we successfully completed this May by converting to shares or redeeming. Earlier this year, we also opened a strategic collaboration with eMan, whose shares have been successfully listed on the START market since 2020. We look forward to welcoming new investors to the START market, whom we will treat as openly and responsibly as we treat existing investors. In addition to capital to fund our growth and expansion, the IPO will also give us the credibility of a publicly traded company, which is much needed, especially when dealing with foreign business partners"*, adds the company's CFO Tomáš Morava.

### IPO transaction
HARDWARIO will offer investors up to a 20% stake in the company as part of a primary subscription on the START market, and plans to raise tens of millions of crowns in equity from investors. It will use the funds raised to strengthen its operating cash flow and business, as well as its inventory and the development of its own innovative products. In combination with bank loans and optimization of the capital structure, order fulfillment even in the higher thousands will be reliably secured, which will help build HARDWARIO's strong position in the global industrial IoT market.

### About HARDWARIO
HARDWARIO is a purely Czech technology company that focuses on IoT - Internet of Things. Its smart devices operate on wireless technology, can run on battery power for several years, connect to the Internet from almost anywhere and easily integrate with other systems. The principal owners are co-founders Alan Fabik and Pavel Hübner.

OSince its establishment in 2016, the company's turnover has grown at a rapid pace to CZK 20 million, reaching CZK 21 million last year and the year before, which was mainly due to a shift away from custom development towards the sale of its own products and services. The turnover of the past two years is made up of the delivery of dozens of IoT pilots in various regions and industries, which HARDWARIO and its partners have launched with the knowledge that most of them have the potential to increase up to a hundredfold. Last year, HARDWARIO was included in the prestigious **Deloitte Technology Fast 50 CE**.

Thanks to a functional business model, up-to-date partner network readiness, sufficient stock and newly established business and strategic collaborations, this year's ambition is to increase sales by tens of percent and thus build on the progressive growth of the entire IoT segment.

### Contacts

- Pavel Hübner (CEO) – e-mail: pavel.hubner@hardwario.com / tel: +420 775 159 734
